hello Preppers and welcome to the
homestead prepper channel and what I
want to show you here is my friend
Ellen's that I picked up I've actually
had it for about three years ago and
it's more of a toy than it has been for
anything but I have come to realize the
survival aspect of it what this thing
does this is about a square meter and if
you have a square meter that's about one
kilowatt of energy 1,000 watts and it
will set things on fire you can start
fires but as far as prepping what I was
thinking you could do with it is you
could probably purify some water and
what I have made here is a home purifier
and I haven't I'm this is just for
demonstration purposes if I was going to
make one I would use a plastic bucket
but I've got some rocks virtually
everyone has rocks virtually everyone
has sand or dirt and I've already showed
you how to make charcoal and that will
remove chemicals out of the water
pesticides all kind of stuff and then I
put a coffee filter in the bottom you
can use that a t-shirt a bandana I don't
recommend you to them to wear but just
something and then you put a hole here
and then what you would do is collect it
in a mason jar or something glass I
don't recommend using colored glass and
what that's going to do
is you've heard that you can take water
and put it in a plastic bottle and put
it outside in the sunlight for eight or
ten hours well the homestead prepper is
impatient I can't wait that long
what this is going to do is concentrate
that energy and it's going to kill all
of the bacteria virus mold spores eggs
whatever got past your filter and it's
going to purify its kind of purify the
heck out of that just stir it up a
little bit and you can also cook with
this thing and it will from what I've
been told is it will melt a penny and to
melt a penny this thing puts off about
2,000 degrees which copper melts at 1983
degrees I believe so it has a lot of
uses you can also cook with it let's
pull it out of there let's see if we can
cook something with it
come out willingly just put that right
there and yeah it'll start smoking and
this is actually a Vienna sausage but
you could cook anything with it I've
seen people on YouTube they cook ham and
eggs you know in a pan but anyway I just
wanted to show you my for now lens and
the big thing is is where did I get it
okay now you can buy these now the
homestead perfer gets his stuff for free
and what this came out of is a rear
projection television and I just looked
on Craigslist and in my area there's
like I don't know seven or eight for
free people just come by and get it they
just bought a new led and that rear
projection you know that's so 80s and
everything they're free just come and
pick one up and the lens is right in the
front of the TV there's a plastic cover
and it also it matters which way it's
turned you know but and it's also this
this is not a toy I don't recommend
anybody under 18 playing around with one
unless you're under the supervision of
an adult and also if you're going to
stare at that focal point right there I
recommend that you have one of these on
and that is just my welding mask it has
a number 11 in it well I just want to
show you a couple things that you can do
and I would get these while they're
still available and they're still free
and like I said I you could probably go
to ebay and you know pay seventy or
hundred bucks for them but they're so
plentiful now but they won't be powerful
in the future well this is the homestead
prepper out